README.md, before:

# Kitspace Using a Gitea Backend

_work in progress_

[![Docker workflow status badge](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/actions/workflows/docker.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/actions/workflows/docker.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![kitspace-v2](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/simple/d8hk55/master&style=plastic&logo=cypress)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/d8hk55/runs)

Re-writing [Kitspace](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace) to use [Gitea](https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea) as a Git and authentication service.

## Goals

Allow people to:

1. Add projects without knowing Git/Github
2. Still import/sync external Git repositories
3. Edit/make improvements and propose these changes to project creators

## Development

### Set Up

0. Get all the source code

```
git clone https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2
cd kitspace-v2
git submodule update --init
```

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started) and [docker-compose](https://pypi.org/project/docker-compose/) (on Ubuntu: `snap install docker` and `apt install docker-compose`)
2. Add the required lines to `/etc/hosts` (If you are not using Linux this probably won't work, please open an issue and we'll figure out how to support non-Linux development).

```
cat ./config/hosts | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```

3. Copy the example .env

```
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Build and run the docker containers

```
docker-compose up
```

5. Go to [gitea.kitspace.test:3000/user/sign_up](http://gitea.kitspace.test:3000/user/sign_up) and create a new user. This will be the admin user.

## Frontend

The frontend is a [NextJS](https://nextjs.org) server in the [frontend directory](frontend/). Making edits on the code should auto compile and reload at [kitspace.test:3000](http://kitspace.test:3000).

Changing dependencies requires you to restart the development container:

```
cd frontend
yarn add <new dependency>
cd ..
docker-compose restart frontend
```

## Gitea

This is built from a git submodule of [our fork of Gitea](https://github.com/kitspace/gitea).

When it first builds the docker container it builds the whole Gitea project (`make clean-all build`). When you restart the container it recompiles only the backend and doesn't recompile unchanged files (`make backend`).

## Processor

This is a NodeJS and [Express](https://expressjs.com/) server that processes all the assets. As with the frontend, changing dependencies requires you to restart the development container.

## Auto Deploys

This repo auto deploys the `master` branch (whether e2e tests pass or not) to our staging server.

- [master.staging.kitspace.dev](https://master.staging.kitspace.dev)

Open pull requests from trusted contributors that are not drafts get automatically merged into the `review` branch (reset to `master` before these auto-merges) and deployed to:

- [review.staging.kitspace.dev](https://review.staging.kitspace.dev)

We also auto deploy some development branches:

- [abdo-dev.staging.kitspace.dev](https://abdo-dev.staging.kitspace.dev) (from [abdo-dev](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/tree/abdo-dev), [@AbdulrhmnGhanem](https://github.com/AbdulrhmnGhanem)'s branch)
- [kaspar-dev.staging.kitspace.dev](https://abdo-dev.staging.kitspace.dev) (from [kaspar-dev](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/tree/kaspar-dev), [@kasbah](https://github.com/kasbah)'s branch)

## Ansible

We configure our staging servers using [Ansible](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/index.html). Our playbooks and roles are in the [ansible](ansible/) directory.

## Running Integration Tests

1. Make sure the frontend is being served at [http://kitspace.test:3000](http://kitspace.test:3000); by following the `Set Up` steps.

2. navigate to `frontend`: `cd frontend/`.

3. Source the `.env` file with `set -a && source ../.env && set +a`

4. Start the testing client with the `npx cypress open` command.

5. The Cypress GUI should pop up.

6. To run all tests, press `Run all specs`.

### Recording new visual tests:

1. Make sure you have Chrome, and Firefox (Cypress installs Electron by default) installed on your machine.
2. Write the test in `cypress/integration/newTest.visual.spec.js`, See [IBOM.visual.spec.js](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/blob/master/frontend/cypress/integration/IBOM.visual.spec.js) .
3. Run `./scripts/record_visual_spec.sh cypress/integration/newTest.visual.spec.js`.

Commit message:

e2e: support edge in visual tests

README.md, after:

# Kitspace Using a Gitea Backend

_work in progress_

[![Docker workflow status badge](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/actions/workflows/docker.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/actions/workflows/docker.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![kitspace-v2](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/simple/d8hk55/master&style=plastic&logo=cypress)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/d8hk55/runs)

Re-writing [Kitspace](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace) to use [Gitea](https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea) as a Git and authentication service.

## Goals

Allow people to:

1. Add projects without knowing Git/Github
2. Still import/sync external Git repositories
3. Edit/make improvements and propose these changes to project creators

## Development

### Set Up

0. Get all the source code

```
git clone https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2
cd kitspace-v2
git submodule update --init
```

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started) and [docker-compose](https://pypi.org/project/docker-compose/) (on Ubuntu: `snap install docker` and `apt install docker-compose`)
2. Add the required lines to `/etc/hosts` (If you are not using Linux this probably won't work, please open an issue and we'll figure out how to support non-Linux development).

```
cat ./config/hosts | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```

3. Copy the example .env

```
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Build and run the docker containers

```
docker-compose up
```

5. Go to [gitea.kitspace.test:3000/user/sign_up](http://gitea.kitspace.test:3000/user/sign_up) and create a new user. This will be the admin user.

## Frontend

The frontend is a [NextJS](https://nextjs.org) server in the [frontend directory](frontend/). Making edits on the code should auto compile and reload at [kitspace.test:3000](http://kitspace.test:3000).

Changing dependencies requires you to restart the development container:

```
cd frontend
yarn add <new dependency>
cd ..
docker-compose restart frontend
```

## Gitea

This is built from a git submodule of [our fork of Gitea](https://github.com/kitspace/gitea).

When it first builds the docker container it builds the whole Gitea project (`make clean-all build`). When you restart the container it recompiles only the backend and doesn't recompile unchanged files (`make backend`).

## Processor

This is a NodeJS and [Express](https://expressjs.com/) server that processes all the assets. As with the frontend, changing dependencies requires you to restart the development container.

## Auto Deploys

This repo auto deploys the `master` branch (whether e2e tests pass or not) to our staging server.

- [master.staging.kitspace.dev](https://master.staging.kitspace.dev)

Open pull requests from trusted contributors that are not drafts get automatically merged into the `review` branch (reset to `master` before these auto-merges) and deployed to:

- [review.staging.kitspace.dev](https://review.staging.kitspace.dev)

We also auto deploy some development branches:

- [abdo-dev.staging.kitspace.dev](https://abdo-dev.staging.kitspace.dev) (from [abdo-dev](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/tree/abdo-dev), [@AbdulrhmnGhanem](https://github.com/AbdulrhmnGhanem)'s branch)
- [kaspar-dev.staging.kitspace.dev](https://abdo-dev.staging.kitspace.dev) (from [kaspar-dev](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/tree/kaspar-dev), [@kasbah](https://github.com/kasbah)'s branch)

## Ansible

We configure our staging servers using [Ansible](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/index.html). Our playbooks and roles are in the [ansible](ansible/) directory.

## Running Integration Tests

1. Make sure the frontend is being served at [http://kitspace.test:3000](http://kitspace.test:3000); by following the `Set Up` steps.

2. navigate to `frontend`: `cd frontend/`.

3. Source the `.env` file with `set -a && source ../.env && set +a`

4. Start the testing client with the `npx cypress open` command.

5. The Cypress GUI should pop up.

6. To run all tests, press `Run all specs`.

### Recording new visual tests:

1. Make sure you have Chrome, Edge, and Firefox (Cypress installs Electron by default) installed on your machine. For Edge on Linux create a symbolic link `sudo ln -s sudo ln -s /usr/bin/microsoft-edge-stable /usr/bin/edge` so Cypress can find it.
2. Write the test in `cypress/integration/newTest.visual.spec.js`, See [IBOM.visual.spec.js](https://github.com/kitspace/kitspace-v2/blob/master/frontend/cypress/integration/IBOM.visual.spec.js) .
3. Run `./scripts/record_visual_spec.sh cypress/integration/newTest.visual.spec.js`.
